---
title: "The End"
date: 2017-12-02
---

This is the end. Fourteen weeks~~, depending on how you count,~~ have come and gone. 

Downing is rather interesting. He knows what he lectures about. He makes class, er, engaging. Some might say he forces that engagement and on some levels they wouldn't be wrong. All in all, he's a good professor.

SWE, for me, was a mixed bag. Lecture seemed like a tour of Python, SQL, and design patterns. I didn't care for most of it. I feel like I could have learned most of it myself. But, I didn't. I suppose that's the key to my ambivalence. In my own personal learning, I never felt drawn to Python or SQL. I only remember thinking "that's cool" about comprehensions and reflection.

The projects were much more rewarding. We didn't know web development. Downing didn't teach us specifically about web development. We made a pretty cool website anyways. We learned how to use really cool tools like Flask and React. We suffered through using decidedly less cool tools like Trello and Plan It Poker. I'm pretty proud of what we made and I'm quite glad I got to go through the experience of making it. I think the same goes for my project group.

Altogether, I can recommend the class. I learned some things in lecture. I learned some things with the projects. The class comes with an upper division writing flag. The professor is much better than most I've had. 

Back when I was a little one, just starting university, the older students would talk about Downing. "You have to take a Downing class", they would say. They dressed him up as this amazing professor, gifted to us by the heavens or something. 

I'd like to roll that back just a little because they left me a bit disappointed and I don't want that for the future students.

He's really good. He has definitely left an impression on me. I think I'll remember him, in a good way, for a long time. 
