---
title: "Week Two"
date: 2017-09-10
---

## What did you do this past week?
Last week, I probably finished Collatz. I still have to prepare it for turn in, but it should be done~

I got my resume reviewed by Career Services. I was expecting them to destroy me, but they said my resume was fine. Thankfully, no one told me this year to switch my bullet points into hyphens or that bullet points are far superior to hyphens or anything like that.

I did the readings for my classes. I was rather skeptical at first, but it turns out the eight chapters assigned for this course are short and have pictures.

## What's in your way?
Fear of the impending future. That's all. The career fair is coming up and I'm supposed to convince some people to hire me. It's rather terrifying to me. But, it'll be fine. Everything will be fine. ~~Probably~~

## What will you do next week?
Next week, I'll prepare for the Career Fair by looking at the list of employers and figuring out which in particular I want to talk to. I'll also apply to a bajillion listings on Handshake so I don't wait in line for goodness know how long to get a "We're glad you're interested in our company! Here, take a trinket and apply on-line. Lovely meeting you!" Instead, I can maybe get to know a bit about them from a human rather than a website. A couple times this week, I'll put on some nice clothes and pretend to be a knowledgeable, functioning adult with qualities that are desirable in the workplace.

I'm a tiny bit stressed about this "graduating and finding a job" thing.

## What's my experience of the class?
Python is... interesting. I find it curious knowing what I want to express, but not knowing how to in the language. Fun experiences include:

+ "How do you iterate between i and j?"
+ "Oh, `&&` and `||` don't work."
+ "The linter is telling me `max` already lives in the namespace and I shouldn't use it as a variable name"

It's disorienting. I feel like I'm moving around my home, but I keep bumping into things because the furniture has been moved. This is all my fault, though. I should've learned Python earlier. I didn't because it felt like a giant trashcan fire.

## What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
I like hanging out in the alphabet soup office. Most of the time, it's rather chill in there. All sorts of nice people spend time in there too.
