---
title: "Week Nine"
date: 2017-10-29
---

## What did you do this past week?
We finished the project! We also learned about some really cool stuff, like React and JSX. We can put real HTML inside JavaScript code without the awkward string concatenation. We can ask for HTML based on some data instead of throwing data at HTML and asking something else to change it. I really like it and it fits so much better in my head.

## What's in your way?
I think I'm two books behind in English. It's a bit problematic. Instead, I'm reading "The Book of Dust" by Philip Pullman because it is so much more interesting than "Paradise Lost". I should probably re-prioritize my readings.

## What will you do next week?
I think we're supposed to do something about pagination and search? In my head, the pagination should be super easy and the search will be a monster. Next week, I'll go try to learn about this more and see what comes back.

## What's my experience of the class?
Honestly, databases seem terribly uninteresting to me. I understand they're important and useful. I just don't want to touch them. I don't really feel motivated to come to class for SQL-y stuff, but I'm still going. I want to be a well rounded developer. Not everything I do will align with my interests. Ect.

## What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
So there's this thing called Coconut. It's a superset of Python. I haven't used it yet, but I've heard interesting things. It's functional. It compiles to Python. It doesn't really care about the version of Python you use either. I think I'll stick to normal Python for now so I don't try to use the other stuff in the exams, but I'm going to check it out after this course.
