---
title: "Week Four"
date: 2017-09-24
---

Goodness. The fifth week of the semester already went by. It feels like I've hardly started the term. Where did all of the time go?

## What did you do this past week?
Last week, we finished the project! Is it more accurate to say we finished the first phase of the project? I learned some interesting stuff about web development and I got to practice using a template language. I think making these templates is so cool. We get to make an outline, throw it into a different outline, dump some data on the composite, and get nice, repeatable pages.

## What's in your way?
Band is a bit inconvenient with group projects. It takes three evenings during the weekdays and generally eats up half of the weekend. I feel bad. My group wants to meet up and I have to say "😬 oh I can't because of band".

I'm not sure how I feel about throwing this out into the void of the Internet, but Google says only about three people look at these posts. Recently, sometimes action takes a bit more effort than what seems reasonable. I'll be still for a length of time and think "we need to get up now and do xyz", but nothing. Once I get moving, I'm fine. This also only happens occasionally now sot I'm probably fine. I want to throw in those comic panels with the dog and the house on fire here, but I don't think there are flames yet.

## What will you do next week?
Next week, I'll take my first exam based on essays in a long time. I'm in British Literature because I have to complete those core requirements to graduate. An essay and a handful of short analysis on books I've mostly read should be fine, right?

## What's my experience of the class?
I'm still learning things, which is nice. Python is a bit curious. Iterators are still curious. Map and reduce seem handy.

I don't quite get array comprehension. Rather, I don't understand why it's called comprehension. Maybe I just don't get the whole thing.

## What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
Coding in the Classroom is having a [fundraiser](https://hornraiser.utexas.edu/project/6977/wall)! We go to AISD schools and introduce Computer Science through Hour of Code and different classroom programs. I go to fifth grade and help teach the kids to program a Mindstorm Robot. I think it's rather fun, cute, and leaves a positive impact. On my last week with one of the groups, a kid comes to me and says "I want to make video games now". She's ten and already knows the basics of programming and has career aspirations. I think that's pretty cool. Anyways, if you can't donate money, you can donate your time and [volunteer](http://www.cs.utexas.edu/~ans/outreach/index.html) with us! 😄
