---
title: "Week Four"
date: 2017-09-24
---

## What did you do this past week?
Last week, I found a group for the project! I posted a sad little thing to Piazza asking someone to take me into their group and someone took me 😄. I only know one person in this group, but getting to know more people is always good.

Our group got together and started on the project. It was an interesting experience. I've only ever worked, in Computer Science courses, in groups. I generally try to find consensus before pressing forward and I get the feeling that my group does too. All in all, I think this is a good thing, but we seem to be moving a tiny bit slowly.

## What's in your way?
The whole 'getting hired and becoming a real adult' thing is rather stressful. I've been alternating between furious bouts of productivity and wanting to hide under a blanket and cry. It's a lovely experience.

I still haven't sorted out my academic calendar. We're going into the fifth week of the term and I haven't done it. It's a bit pathetic, but here we are. I don't know what's coming up. I don't know when exams are happening. At least I haven't dropped the ball on anything.

## What will you do next week?
Next week, I'm going to sort out that calendar. I need to stop going blindly into the future. I will also try to hash out that project with my group.

## What's my experience of the class?
I got called on last week for one of the professor's /teaching through "conversations"/ thing. Maybe this will be like last year where I only get called on if I mess up something and don't notice his call outs on Piazza or Canvas. I don't know if this is a good thing or not.

## What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
HTTPS is important and we're making a whole bunch of new websites. GCP already enables HTTPS on their appspot.com domain. I don't know what happens when we throw our domain into the mix, but [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/) provides a free and generally easy way of getting certificates.
